.\" Copyright (c) 1996,1997 Roger Kehr
.\" See section COPYING for conditions for redistribution
.TH tex2xindy 1L "January 1997" "Roger Kehr" ""
.de BP
.sp
.ti \-.2i
\(**
..

.SH NAME
tex2xindy \- a frontend to the \fBxindy\fP index processor

.SH SYNOPSIS
.hy 0
.na
.TP
.B tex2xindy [file]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B tex2xindy
is a filter that reads from \fIstdin\fP a file in the input-format of
the \fBmakeindex\fP index processor. This format is usually located in
a file with the extension \fB.idx\fP. \fBtex2xindy\fP reads in
this format and converts it to a format suitable for the use with
\fBxindy\fP.

If the optional argument `file' is specified, tex2xindy puts some
information into this file which is further processed by the
makeindex4(1L) program. For more information have a look at the
"Compatibility Guide" which explains this format. It is part of the
xindy distribution.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
xindy(1L),
makeindex(1L),
makeindex4(1L)

For detailed information about the formats of the \fBmakeindex\fP and
\fBxindy\fP systems refer to the documentation that come with both
products.

.SH "AUTHOR"
Roger Kehr, Institut fuer Theoretische Informatik, TH-Darmstadt

.SH "COPYING"
Copyright (c) 1996,1997 Roger Kehr.
.PP
Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
translations approved by the Free Software Foundation instead of in
the original English.
